# Coursera_EDA_Project1
## Files in the Repository
#### README.md: the one you are looking at, a brief description of the data, variables, and all the files in this repository
#### plot1.png, plot2.png, plot3.png, plot4.png: plots generated by R code
#### plot1.R, plot2.R, plot3.R, plot4.R: R code that reproduce the plots required in this project

## Dataset: Electric power consumption [20Mb]

### Description: Measurements of electric power consumption in one household with a one-minute sampling rate over a period of almost 4 years. Different electrical quantities and some sub-metering values are available. The following descriptions of the 9 variables in the dataset are taken from the UCI web site:
#### Date: Date in format dd/mm/yyyy
#### Time: time in format hh:mm:ss
#### Global_active_power: household global minute-averaged active power (in kilowatt)
#### Global_reactive_power: household global minute-averaged reactive power (in kilowatt)
#### Voltage: minute-averaged voltage (in volt)
#### Global_intensity: household global minute-averaged current intensity (in ampere)
#### Sub_metering_1: energy sub-metering No. 1 (in watt-hour of active energy). It corresponds to the kitchen, containing mainly a dishwasher, an oven and a microwave (hot plates are not electric but gas powered).
#### Sub_metering_2: energy sub-metering No. 2 (in watt-hour of active energy). It corresponds to the laundry room, containing a washing machine, a tumble-drier, a refrigerator and a light.
#### Sub_metering_3: energy sub-metering No. 3 (in watt-hour of active energy). It corresponds to an electric water-heater and an air-conditioner.

#### For more details, check out https://github.com/rdpeng/ExData_Plotting1
